Command List:

In the main menu, items are listed in the following way:
[no.][name][shortcut]
In the main menu, you can write either of these things to make a choice.
Outside the main menu, such as in your inventory or exploring a room, some
commands are available to you. 

.........
Inventory
'''''''''
"in"  - Inspect
        Display stats of an item or text of a scroll.
        "in self" will inspect your current stats.
"eq"  - Equip
        Requires an item in your backpack
        Switch your currently equipped item for the specified item 
"uneq"- Unequip
        Put an equipped item back in your backpack.
"d"   - Drop item
        Remove item from your backpack onto the ground of the room
        you are in.
        (explore the room to pick it back up)
"use" - Use item
        Will use items such as potions in your backpack.
"burn"- Burn readables
        Can be used to declutter your inventory from scrolls and pages.
        "burn all" will burn all scrolls and pages in inventory, save your logbook.
...........
Exploration
'''''''''''
"in"  - Inspect (How about not being able to inspect from ground?)
        Can only be done with no live enemies in room
        Display stats of an item.
        "in self" will inspect your current stats.
        "in enemy" or "in [name]" will inspect the enemy's stats.
"t"   - Take
        Can only be done with no live enemies in room
        Takes item(s) from somewhere.
        "t all" takes all items in the room.
"burn"- Burn items
        Can be used to declutter the ground of a room and get rid
        of items you don't want. Use with caution!
"m"   - Return to menu
        Use in inventory or while exploring to return to menu

......
Combat
''''''

"e"   - Escape
        Use to exit combat.
"move"- Special moves
        Show all known Special Moves

Combat stats:
Damage : How much damage your attack will inflict.
HP     : How much damage you can take before falling in battle.
Speed  : How fast your turn timer increments.
Attack : How likely your attack is to hit.
Defense: How likely you are to avoid an incoming attack.
Armor  : How much incoming damage you block.

Once your turn timer reaches max, you will execute a move. If you
press Enter without entering a value, you will perform an unmodified
attack. If you enter a value you will do a special move. Type "move"
when prompted for more information.